Observations 

refuse to accept my own weaknesses and listen to my heart 
does not believe in my own potential 
does not go all out to protect my own rights 
think too much for others, too considerate, afraid to hurt others 
expect no mistakes or failures from myself(note this is different from setting high expectation)
afraid of solitude and constantly feel the need to be doing something 
expect eveything to go well , but life is suffering 
distracted while coding.does not focus well
does not take responsibility for one's action. get defensive when being critised.
feels the need to supress emotions and always wearing a mask
feels exhausted to maintain consistent effort in committing to something. Why ? 
avoid problems, obstacles instead of facing it directly 
cannot accept uncertainty , feel the need to know everything
always make wrong assumption or gauge on some understanding without explaining it or coding it out 
rely on assumption and imagination to predict future events. in fact nobody knows what will happen 
oversimplify human and like to categorise people. 


Guidance

Happiness is within you, and it is achieved when you let go of your neurosis 
Seeing, and accepting yourself and be responsible 
People at their core is positive 
Have compassion for yourself, you should love yourself 
Neurotic dependency or attachment to something is bad, not that something itself 
Nothing is forever. Everyday something changes 
It is important to want something and begin with the mind 
Deconstruct your thoughts and act on it to change 
Nothing has an inherent nature of good or bad, nothing is stuck on this or that 
Everything that we feel depends on interpretation 
Juggle between swallowing everything and reinventing the wheels
There is a possibility for every event, focus on your breathing, your body 
Focus on the present with your mind and body 
Emptiness is not nothing 
stay hungry, stay foolish 
what good have I done today ?

Programming manifesto

Be well versed in multiple paradigms of programming, but master some 
Read lots of good code and follow good coding style guide 
Contribute to open source project and try your own project. Learn by doing is most important 
A programmer is lazy, impatient and hubris(good ego)
Fight for your beliefs, but accept defeat gracefully
Understand and accept you will make mistakes
Simply, simply, simply. Always try the simplest working solution. No premature optimization
Deliver early and merge often 
Set high standard for your code
Don't reinvent the wheel 
Never ever assume. It is dangerous.
Sometimes it is important to dive straight into programming to understand the problem
Know when to give up and ask for help
Keep learning something new everyday. 
Know and master your toolkits 
Negative Capability - live with uncertainty and not knowing 
Manage your time well and learn selectively 


