Buddhism note

Happiness exists within you. You just need to seek within 
Everyone has a buddha nature(buddhata) in them 
The desire or attachment cause us suffering 
Everything starts from the mind 
Never underestimate the power of habit energy. You are what you repeatedly do 
Impermenance. Everything is always changing
Nothing has an inherent nature of good or bad. Mara needs Buddha, Buddha needs Mara
There is a possibility to handle any kind of event 
Don't invite unplesant things to your living room

Embracing sorrow & pain 
- if you have a boat(mindfulness), rocks won't sink. 

Mindfulness in anger & suffering 
- ill-feelings are like babies. mother(mindfulness) need to recognize and take care of the babies
- ask why are the babies crying ? 

Loving ourself
- understanding is already love. taking ourself is beneficial to others
- if a tree is less than a tree, we're doom 
- must not let despair take over 

5 mindfulness training 
- cultivate compassion. protect life
- cultivate loving kindness, well-being of others
- cultivate loving speech & deep listening 
- aware of unmindful consumption 

All is One, One is All 
- seeing and realising everything is inter-connected
- lotus pond is in lotus seed, lotus seed is in lotus pond

Breathing sutra
a)Body
1.Breathing in I know I am breathing in, breathing out I know I am breathing out (I am alive)
2. Recognize length of your breath.(focus on the breath)
3. Be aware of whole body as I am breathing, know which part of your body is tense or tired
4. Breathing in I calm my body, breathing out I calm my whole body(calm down body)
b)Feeling 
5. Awareness of joy
6. Awareness of happiness
7. Breathing in I know the feelings in me(pleasant or not)
8. Calm down your feeling 
c)Mind
9. Be aware of mental formation not only feeling or perception
10. make mental formation joyful. Prevent bad seed from growing by using positive talks or songs
11. Concentrate the mind. Look at it, embrace it and work with it 
12.Liberate the mind
d)Final
13. awareness of impermanence
14. breathing in not having any desire or attachment 
15. silence. no birth/no death
16. letting go.this body is me 

Mara & Buddha 
- if take good care of garbage(ill-feelings), can become flower 
- samatha(learn to rest & stop doing anything) 
- vipasyana(looking deeply)
- If you heart is large, nothing can hurt you. Practice to be like the Earth
- People suffer because of wrong perception and lack of insight 

Better way to live alone
we're master of ourself 
not imprisoned by past, pulled by future and not carried away by present 
the past is no longer there, the future has yet to come 
we must be diligent today, to wait until tomorrow is too late. death comes unexpectedly 

